Grids: Update focus() description (#7955)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/3 Methods/focus().md

---
##### shortDescription
Sets focus on the UI component.

---

> This method focuses a {WidgetName} element depending on the following conditions:

Reviewer: Does the focusing depend on the following conditions, or does the element depend on the following conditions?

Author: Yeah, upon reflection, this sentence is a touch ambiguous. Thank you for noticing! We can rewrite to something like this:
```suggestion
The focused {WidgetName} element depends on the following conditions:
```
